Pretentious Cinderella
Wait to be beaten back to its original shape
Miss Zheng
I just mentioned that the lady is still asking if you have arrived.
I'll tell you now.
You are a genius
You suggest adding a sapphire.
Make the whole necklace move
Next month we will be in HuaGuoJin City
There will be a jewelry exhibition
You must come to participate
I will be there.
The successful holding of this exhibition
Without everyone's support
This time I would like to express my special thanks to my good friend Sheng Nuan
This new song is specially made by him for the blue enchantress
She really is a wonderful woman.
He did it.
Don't take the initiative to find me
Can this little lover still be wanted?
When are you going back?
Uh, he is.
This is my friend.
friend
Uh, this is t
Is the chief designer of SQ
I must give you the necklace of warm dark blue.
He was born for you
No, it's too expensive. I can't take it. Hmm.
You talk first
I'm going to the bathroom
May I ask for this necklace?
A warm friend is my friend
I'll have someone bring it to you later.
What's wrong?
What baby shoes?
Let dad